Align care controller with respect to incorporating `ManagedResource` statuses (#9313)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/gardenlet.md

Only if the unhealthiness persists for at least the configured threshold duration, then the issues will be reported (by setting the status to `False`).

Besides directly checking the status of `Deployment`s, `Etcd`s, `StatefulSet`s in the shoot namespace, this reconciler also considers `ManagedResource`s (in the shoot namespace) and their status in order to compute the condition statuses, see [this document](resource-manager.md#conditions) for more information.
The following table explains which `ManagedResource`s are considered for which condition type:

| Condition Type                   | `ManagedResource`s are considered when                                                                          |
|----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ControlPlaneHealthy`            | `.spec.class=seed` and `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` label either unset, or set to `ControlPlaneHealthy` |
| `ObservabilityComponentsHealthy` | `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` label set to `ObservabilityComponentsHealthy`                              |

> | `SystemComponentsHealthy`        | `.spec.class` and `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` label either unet, or set to `SystemComponentsHealthy`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SystemComponentsHealthy`        | `.spec.class` and `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` label either unset, or set to `SystemComponentsHealthy`   |
```

> | `SystemComponentsHealthy`        | `.spec.class` and `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` label either unet, or set to `SystemComponentsHealthy`   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `SystemComponentsHealthy`        | `.spec.class` unset or `care.gardener.cloud/condition-type` set to `SystemComponentsHealthy`   |
```

As discussed, let's change this to **OR** to allow MRs with `class=seed` to contribute to `ShootSystemComponentsHealthy`.
